content/home/experience.md, before:

---
# An instance of the Experience widget.
# Documentation: https://wowchemy.com/docs/page-builder/
widget: experience

# This file represents a page section.
headless: true

# Order that this section appears on the page.
weight: 40

title: Experience
subtitle:

# Date format for experience
#   Refer to https://wowchemy.com/docs/customization/#date-format
date_format: Jan 2006

# Experiences.
#   Add/remove as many `experience` items below as you like.
#   Required fields are `title`, `company`, and `date_start`.
#   Leave `date_end` empty if it's your current employer.
#   Begin multi-line descriptions with YAML's `|2-` multi-line prefix.
experience:
  - title: Capstone Data Scientist
    company: IEEE
    company_url: ''
    company_logo: ieee
    location: ''
    date_start: '2021-08-01'
    date_end: ''
    description: |2-
       Leverage topic modeling and knowledge graph to enable efficient cross-disciplinary research and new concepts discovery for large-scale datasets (5.4M+ publications) hosted by IEEE *Xplore* digital library.  
       Create automation to facilitate research collaboration across divisions and increase search efficiency.  
       Design end-to-end ML pipelines to extract scientific concepts, validate through graph linkages; Tag paper with concepts based on relevancy, and establish the parent-child hierarchy between concepts.  
        
  - title: Professor of Semiconductor Physics
    company: University X
    company_url: ''
    company_logo: org-x
    location: California
    date_start: '2016-01-01'
    date_end: '2020-12-31'
    description: Taught electronic engineering and researched semiconductor physics.

design:
  columns: '2'
---

Commit message:

update ieee and teaching exp

content/home/experience.md, after:

---
# An instance of the Experience widget.
# Documentation: https://wowchemy.com/docs/page-builder/
widget: experience

# This file represents a page section.
headless: true

# Order that this section appears on the page.
weight: 40

title: Experience
subtitle:

# Date format for experience
#   Refer to https://wowchemy.com/docs/customization/#date-format
date_format: Jan 2006

# Experiences.
#   Add/remove as many `experience` items below as you like.
#   Required fields are `title`, `company`, and `date_start`.
#   Leave `date_end` empty if it's your current employer.
#   Begin multi-line descriptions with YAML's `|2-` multi-line prefix.
experience:
  - title: Capstone Data Scientist
    company: IEEE
    company_url: ''
    company_logo: ieee
    location: ''
    date_start: '2021-08-01'
    date_end: ''
    description: |2-
       •  Leverage topic modeling and knowledge graph to enable efficient cross-disciplinary research and new concepts discovery for large-scale datasets (5.4M+ publications) hosted by IEEE *Xplore* digital library.  
       •  Create automation to facilitate research collaboration across divisions and increase search efficiency.  
       •  Design end-to-end ML pipelines to extract scientific concepts, validate through graph linkages; Tag paper with concepts based on relevancy, and establish the parent-child hierarchy between concepts.  
        
  - title: Graduate Teaching Assistant
    company: Duke University
    company_url: ''
    company_logo: duke
    location: California
    date_start: '2021-05-01'
    date_end: ''
    description: |2-
    •  Mentor graduate-level projects related to data wrangling, modeling, analysis, and application.  
    •  Capture and solve coding problems in Python, R, Bash, Git for inter-disciplinary students.  
    •  **Courses:**  
       •  Fuqua School of Business - Programming for Analysis and Visualization, Data Analytics and Applications [course site](https://www.fuqua.duke.edu/programs/accelerated-msqm-business-analytics/curriculum)  
       •  MIDS (my program :)) - Practical Data Science [course site](https://www.practicaldatascience.org/html/index.html)  
       •  Bootcamp - Computational Methods for Social Scientists [course site](https://cm4ss.com/html/index.html)  
    

design:
  columns: '2'
---
